README.md, before:

# Distributed-File-System
Distributed File System - Group Project 

# Distributed File System Project

This project implements a basic distributed file system using Python. 
It consists of three main components: a server, a seeder, and a client. 

The server tracks the files available from seeders, 
the seeder monitors a designated folder and informs the server about the file changes, 
and the client can query the server to check if a file exists.

## Getting Started

These instructions will help you set up and run the project on your local machine for development and testing purposes.

1) Run the server code in a terminal
2) Create a folder called the DesignatedFolder in the same directory
3) Add some files into the DesignatedFolder
4) Run the seeder code in another terminal
5) Run the client code in another terminal
6) Try requesting a file that is already in the DesignatedFolder from the client code
7) Try requesting something not in the DesignatedFolder
8) Try adding, deleting, and renaming contents in the DesignatedFolder
9) Then try asking to see if your expectation of it being in the DesignatedFolder is matched when queried from the client code

## Message for David

1) You are responsible for seeder.py, leecher.py and relay_server.py
2) Keep the " if __name__ == "__main__": " code unchanged but feel free to change the call functions within it
3) Go havoc on relay_server.py and do what ever you think is fit, change it entirely if you want to
4) Since you are using a mac you might have to do your subprocess code in the client.py and folder_monitor.py a bit differently

Commit message:

chnages with str(donwload_path)

README.md, after:

# Distributed-File-System
Distributed File System - Group Project 

# Distributed File System Project

This project implements a basic distributed file system using Python. 
It consists of three main components: a server, a seeder, and a client. 

The server tracks the files available from seeders, 
the seeder monitors a designated folder and informs the server about the file changes, 
and the client can query the server to check if a file exists.

## Getting Started

These instructions will help you set up and run the project on your machine.

1) Run the folder_monitor.py if you want to share files with peers.
2) Run the client.py and type in the file you want to search including the file extension. 
3) Then proceed with the prompts to download, just say yes.
4) To test locally you can run folder_monitor.py and then search the folder_monitor.py contents and download them to the Dowloads folder
5) Make sure to make a folder named Downloads within the code directory 

## Message for David

1) Currenty the file sharing is done through a relay server.
2) Which is not scalable, ideally file sharing should be p2p.
3) You can try implementing p2p if you have time.
4) You can try other UDP hope punching or WebRTC (not sure if WebRTC is possible since we are not in the web)
